#labels Featured
If you are creating your own images you'd probably like to know what size they should be.  That is what this list seeks to provide.

== Naming Notes ==
Image names cannot contain dashes "-" other than to group two images together in a set, ie. CarrierImages below.  The dash has a special meaning and will break if used other than what it is intended for.

== Dock Background Images ==
Height: 91px
Width: 320px

== Carrier Images ==
Height: 20px
Width: Variable as needed

Notes: Save the image that will look good on a black background as mycarrier.png, and the one that looks good on white background as mycarrier-1.png.

== WiFi Images ==
Height: 20px
Width: 20px

Notes:  The WiFi image set consists of 8 images as follows:

|| Your File Name || Description || Intended Background Color
|| yourfile.png || No Signal || White
|| yourfile-1.png || one "bar" || White
|| yourfile-2.png || two "bars" || White
|| yourfile-3.png || full "bars" || White
|| yourfile-4.png || No Signal || Black
|| yourfile-5.png || one "bar" || Black
|| yourifle-6.png || two "bars" || Black
|| yourfile-7.png || full "bars" || Black


== Badge Images ==
Height: 30px
Width: 29px

== Bar Dialer Image ==
See [http://www.hacktheiphone.com/iphone_change_keypad_background_image.html This Tutorial] for information on how to create a custom keypad dialer.

== Battery Images ==
Height: 129px
Width: 264px

Notes: The battery image set consists of 17 images, named yourname.png, yourname-1.png, ..., yourname-16.png.  Because I think it would look better (you'll see) yourname.png is _actually_ the 17th image, and all the other numbers correspond.

== Sound Images ==
Height: 88px
Width: 87px

Notes: The sound image set consists of four images whose names are described here:

|| yourname.png || Ring Image ||
|| yourname-1.png || Mute Image ||
|| yourname-2.png || Silent Image ||
|| yourname-3.png || Speaker Image ||



 